TextBox: Update mask topic (#7789)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTextEditor/1 Configuration/mask.md

[note]

> - To escape a masking element, use two backslash characters (`\\`). For instance `\\0` will allow users to input only `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To escape a masking element, use two backslash characters (`\\`). For instance, `\\0` allows users to input only `0`.
```
